---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qwilt_cdn_certificate_templates Data Source - qwilt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves the certificate templates defined by your organization and the associated metadata. This data source lets you retrieve certificate_template_ids, the csr_ids associated with a particular template, the certificate_id of the latest certificate generated from a particular template, and more.
---

# qwilt_cdn_certificate_templates (Data Source)

Retrieves the certificate templates defined by your organization and the associated metadata. This data source lets you retrieve certificate_template_ids, the csr_ids associated with a particular template, the certificate_id of the latest certificate generated from a particular template, and more.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Data source filter attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `certificate_template` (Attributes List) List of certificate templates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_template))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `certificate_template_id` (Number) The ID of the certificate template to retrieve.


<a id="nestedatt--certificate_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_template`

Required:

- `auto_managed_certificate_template` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate template is managed by Qwilt.
- `common_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name for which the certificate is issued.

Optional:

- `country` (String) The two-letter ISO 3166-1 country code that represents the country where the organization or entity requesting the certificate is located.
- `locality` (String) The city or locality where the organization or entity requesting the certificate is located.
- `organization_name` (String) The legal name of the organization or entity applying for the certificate.
- `sans` (List of String) Additional domains that the certificate should cover.
- `state` (String) The full name of the state or province where the organization or entity requesting the certificate is located.

Read-Only:

- `certificate_template_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the certificate template.
- `csr_ids` (List of Number) The unique identifiers of the certificate signing requests (CSRs) that are associated with this certificate template.
- `last_certificate_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the last certificate generated from this template.
- `tenant` (String) The organization your user is assigned to.
