---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qwilt_cdn_certificate_template Resource - qwilt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Qwilt CDN Certificate Template.This resource supports the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) workflow. Learn about Certificate Management https://docs.qwilt.com/docs/certificate-management-in-terraform.
---

# qwilt_cdn_certificate_template (Resource)

Manages a Qwilt CDN Certificate Template.<br><br>This resource supports the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) workflow. <br><br>[Learn about Certificate Management](https://docs.qwilt.com/docs/certificate-management-in-terraform).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "qwilt_cdn_certificate_template" "example" {
  common_name                       = "example.com"
  auto_managed_certificate_template = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `common_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name for which the certificate is issued. Wildcards are allowed.

### Optional

- `country` (String) The two-letter ISO 3166-1 country code that represents the country where the organization or entity requesting the certificate is located. Not supported for Qwilt-managed certificate templates.
- `locality` (String) The city or locality where the organization or entity requesting the certificate is located. Not supported for Qwilt-managed certificate templates.
- `organization_name` (String) The legal name of the organization or entity applying for the certificate. Not supported for Qwilt-managed certificate templates.
- `sans` (List of String) Additional domains that the certificate should cover.
- `state` (String) The full name of the state or province where the organization or entity requesting the certificate is located. Not supported for Qwilt-managed certificate templates.

### Read-Only

- `auto_managed_certificate_template` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate template is managed by Qwilt.
- `certificate_template_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the certificate template.
- `csr_ids` (List of Number) The unique identifiers of the certificate signing requests (CSRs) that are associated with this certificate template.
- `last_certificate_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the last certificate generated from this template.
- `tenant` (String) The organization your user is assigned to.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
#Create an empty resource to import into.

#After the import is complete, manually set the required attributes
#in the resource based on the imported state.


resource "qwilt_cdn_certificate_template" "example" {
}

terraform import qwilt_cdn_certificate_template.example <certificate_template_id>
```
