---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qwiltcdn_site_activation_staging Resource - qwiltcdn"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Qwilt CDN site activation and certificate assignment.
---

# qwiltcdn_site_activation_staging (Resource)

Manages a Qwilt CDN site activation and certificate assignment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `revision_id` (String) Unique identifier of the configuration version that was published or unpublished.
- `site_id` (String) SiteId of the site the user wishes to publish or unpublish.

### Optional

- `certificate_id` (Number) The ID of the certificate you want to link to this site.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time_milli` (Number) The time when the publish operation was created, in epoch time.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the publish operation of this site. Equals site_id:publish_id. Required for testing infra
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates if the configuration is active or inactive.
- `last_update_time_milli` (Number) When the publishing operation was last updated, in epoch time.
- `operation_type` (String) The operation type (Publish, Unpublish) that was initiated with the request. An Unpublish operation removes a delivery service from the CDN.
- `owner_org_id` (String) The organization that owns the site.
- `publish_acceptance_status` (String) The publishing operation acceptance status.
- `publish_id` (String) The ID of the publishing operation for which you want to retrieve metadata.
- `publish_state` (String) For internal use. Use the 'publishStatus' values instead.
- `publish_status` (String) The publishing operation status.\n\nThe \"publishStatus\" values aggregate the \"publishState\" values into broader categories.  \n\t\n- Success - The operation succeeded.\n- Failed - The operation failed.\n- Aborted - The operation was canceled.\n- InProgress - The operation is in progress.
- `target` (String) The value will always be 'staging'.
- `username` (String) Username that initiated the publishing operation.
- `validators_err_details` (String) Details about errors generated during validation.
